Tracing without performance documentation (#7176)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/distributed-tracing/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation-intro/python.bottle.mdx

> If you run a Bottle project **distributed tracing works out of the box**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's no additional set up needed to use distributed tracing with Bottle projects.
```

> If requests to your Bottle project include the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers they will be parsed automatically and the headers will also be added to all outgoing HTTP requests from your Django project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If requests to your Bottle project include the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers, they will be parsed automatically and the headers will also be added to all outgoing HTTP requests from your Bottle project.
```

typo?

> You need to initialize the Sentry SDK before your app has been initialized and you are good to go:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you initialize the Sentry SDK before your app:
```
